Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi Rebecca. How are you today.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm still kind of tired, but I'm a little better than yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. How's things going
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: What things with my dad are pretty much the same.
Donna Jochimsen: But I'm but I personally am doing pretty well. I'm happy.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm happy with up and the progress that I've made. And just a couple of short weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's amazing when you start becoming motivated to do something.
Donna Jochimsen: I just needed to put a few of the pieces together spell that we're holding the app and and I'm doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Good. Tell me how you'll be
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, it was pretty crazy. As usual, I would just love to have 24 hours life. I don't even remember what that felt like, but
Donna Jochimsen: One of the things I did this week, as I said, My daughter's cat while she was out of town. And she said, I'll leave some gas money for you on the counter mom and I said, Yeah, all right. She lives about 25 miles away. So
Donna Jochimsen: I got there, and she'd left me $100 so
Donna Jochimsen: I texted her. Are you sure because I don't live that far away. She's like, Yes, Mom. Thank you. So I decided that I was going to do something for myself. So I bought myself a new comfort or new curtains.
Donna Jochimsen: Redoing my bedroom, which I love my bedroom is my favorite, favorite place in the house. I love like I have downtime. I love to just get in bed watch TV read drink coffee you just do whatever I want. So that's been a good thing. I've been cleaning
Donna Jochimsen: Cleaning. I am really good so
Donna Jochimsen: It got delivered yesterday and I'm almost done cleaning. So I'm ready to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go good
Donna Jochimsen: It does feel really good. Um, you know, I have I have enough money to pay my bills and to eat feed my cats, but I have to be careful. Still, I don't have a lot of extra money so to have some extra was really nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I bet I love it when stuff like that comes together.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, and I was real spontaneous. I didn't really even think about it. I was just like, oh, I want a new comforter. I'm going to do that now. So I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. It's important that you take care of yourself. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what else did you do
Donna Jochimsen: Oh well, most of my time, of course, was spent with my dad.
But
Donna Jochimsen: I had a really good conversation with my son on the telephone.
Donna Jochimsen: Saturday. I think it was
Donna Jochimsen: I'm going to have to change my time to go to stay alone. I was going to go on March the 14th, but my son is actually going to be down here.
Donna Jochimsen: And he lives in Portland, which is a couple hours away from Salem, but he wants me to come and stay with him for a couple of days to while I'm there.
Donna Jochimsen: So I'm going to, I'm going to change times I don't know what's going to be a little bit later or a little before that, but I'm trying to rearrange all my people with my dad, you know, because sometimes they they aren't able to do. It's kind of
Donna Jochimsen: Not as easy as saying, Okay, I'll go on this day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. Are you going to your daughter's to
Donna Jochimsen: Limit. That was the. That was the plan, she's she joined and roller derby about a year and a half ago, and her first year was just learning how to do it and practicing BUT SHE'S FINALLY ABLE TO BE IN THE Derby's now so she wants me to come and see you and I'm really excited about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of
Donna Jochimsen: Kick ass woman, I tell you.
Donna Jochimsen: There's nothing she can't do you put it in front of her, and she will tackle it somehow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm. Sounds like her mom.
Donna Jochimsen: Um, no. Well, maybe a little bit but but i'm not i'm not as kick ass as she as you're not going to find you doing roller derby or climbing mountains.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, those are good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's for people that are in shape.
Younger generation.
Definitely hungry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did your recovery go this week.
Donna Jochimsen: And went well. I have not used haven't had a desire to use
Donna Jochimsen: I did I do my Tuesday meetings as my fact I have one today Tuesday meetings I go to have a meeting.
Donna Jochimsen: I picked that one because it has mostly old timers on it, which is helpful to me. Plus, I'm old do so.
Donna Jochimsen: I just fit well with that group. And then I still been doing my Tuesday night my Tuesday night.
Donna Jochimsen: On the online one with women's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For separate women.
Donna Jochimsen: Sobriety that's getting a little more comfortable for me as kind of little awkward with, you know, the TAT for them.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I just different. And I'm finally getting a little more comfortable with that.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you meeting people
Donna Jochimsen: On the tat. Yeah. Everybody's anonymous on the chat. Okay. You have to pick it a
Donna Jochimsen: User ID that's not your name when you sign up
Donna Jochimsen: And I'm not even sure that the same people have been on because I'm just not that I'm not remembering people's usernames or, you know, this is my, this will be my third time doing it so
Donna Jochimsen: I
Donna Jochimsen: Never will but
Donna Jochimsen: I haven't yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you getting anything out of the conversation.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, yeah there. It's a very positive group. They don't do the 12 steps where you look back, it's all forward looking positive
Donna Jochimsen: Reinforcement and support for women.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, I am for all who are have had drug or alcohol problems in the past. So yeah, it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I'm referring all kinds of women there.
Donna Jochimsen: I really like it because it's so positive and
Donna Jochimsen: And and and all women. I think sometimes women UNDERSTAND WOMEN. Well, always women UNDERSTAND WOMEN issues a little better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I agree. Very much so. So tell me what you're going to be working on this week.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, this week.
Donna Jochimsen: Somebody talked me into helping a political candidate in our area so Saturday. I'm going to go door to door. I thought I was gonna have to be talking to people, but it's basically they. Excuse me.
Donna Jochimsen: And they have targeted the voters. They want to target and I will be going and just leaving literature on their on
Donna Jochimsen: Their door knob or talking to them if they want that mainly just trying to get out people to vote. So that's a different for me. I don't usually do things like that.
Donna Jochimsen: How did you get connected into that.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, that my kick ass daughter, her mother in law lives here in Crescent City and she she
Donna Jochimsen: has volunteered for the Democratic Party here for ages and she called me up my daughter probably had something to do with it. But she called me up and asked if I would want to help. So I said, Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good that you can enter
Donna Jochimsen: It'll be getting me into a whole different group of people than what I usually associated with so yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good. What about for your recovery.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I still I still have been trying to practice practice mindfulness, because like I said that's it's hard for me to do, and I know the more I practice it, the easier it will get
Donna Jochimsen: And I just think that that's really important for me because I tend to when when I let my mind go I'm either going to go to the past and feel bad about it or to the future and be afraid of it.
Donna Jochimsen: So I really need to stay focused and present and it's taken some it's taken some practice and I, but I think I'm getting better at it.
Donna Jochimsen: And I'm trying to practice in all different, you know, different arenas, because I think I do pretty good when I'm like out walking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. But
Donna Jochimsen: You need to do that all the time, or as often as possible.
Donna Jochimsen: I like I said, I find my mind if I have too much time on my hands, which isn't all that often, but I usually go back to feeling bad about what I have done or worried about what I'm gonna do. And neither one gets me anywhere I just become paralyzed by the whole thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you gotta stay out of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That reoccurring rumination inside your head and it'll get easier the more that you practice it, it will start getting easier and easier, you'll have that tool to be able to fall back on.
Donna Jochimsen: I can see that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what you kind of walk me through what you do when you're out walking
Donna Jochimsen: I usually go to the beach, because I just love it there and
Donna Jochimsen: I don't, I don't really, I just walk. You know, I walk it
Donna Jochimsen: Now I'm well I'm now I pay more attention to the birds, the ocean. The sand the wind what out, you know, the cars going by what whatever
Donna Jochimsen: I just like to get out why I've always been somebody that like to walk I it feels good. I feel better after I do it just, you know, it's a good, good thing for me to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. And when you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're doing that, you're taking your walk, tell me how your anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How does that play out.
Donna Jochimsen: My anxiety. I usually don't have a lot of anxiety when I'm walking, you know, actually my anxiety level husband down a lot a lot since I started taking the quantity
Donna Jochimsen: Good. And yeah, and
Donna Jochimsen: I but when I'm walking I I it relieves my anxiety. I have no anxiety, while I'm walking and I easily have less of it after I'm too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Okay, good. How many times a week. Are you able to get out and walk
Donna Jochimsen: Not as often as I want. I think I did it two times last week, but I would like to do it every day, actually.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's hard when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another winner. Yeah. The weather's better though now it's still a little cold but
Donna Jochimsen: It's clear, at least, and and it just feels good to get out and move. I've been been stuck inside way more than I like to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's time. And then you Saturday, you're going to be really, really busy, which is really good.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I am going to be really busy. I've got somebody to watch my stay with my dad for four hours. So however long. Well, maybe a little bit longer but
Donna Jochimsen: Definitely for so hopefully I can go for a walk. Well, I'll be walking, door to door so it's not the same. Now it's for me it's not the same. I need to to relieve anxiety and feel better. I actually need to like pick it up a bit, you know a lot faster.
Donna Jochimsen: Just, you know,
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Purpose if they wouldn't fit.
For purpose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got you've got a good week going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we're just going to continue with what you're already working on right now. I'm going to be curious to see how it goes on Saturday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that's really good inside your box. And that's really good. Right.
Donna Jochimsen: To do think it is getting outside my box.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it's good. I need to look for more ways to be able to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And be around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Health hopefully healthy people.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, you know, everybody has their problems, but
Donna Jochimsen: But, but, yeah, I think if you're if you're a voluntary time for all it to an election we probably are a little bit healthier than, than I have been in the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I think that's going to be really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we're just going to continue your treatment plan as far as you know practice in your mindfulness getting outside your box going to your meetings and we won't add anything onto your plate until for another week or so.
Donna Jochimsen: And then we'll take a look pretty cool right now. Yeah, because I still I still spend
Donna Jochimsen: 20
Donna Jochimsen: Maybe 20 hours a day with my dad most days so
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: My, my brother, my brother and my sister in law have been stepping up to help me though. I think they finally heard me say I can't do this anymore.
Donna Jochimsen: Good, we're gonna have
Donna Jochimsen: We're gonna have to put him in a hospital or something because I can't do this. And yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good. I'm glad friendly said that and I'm glad they're stepping up to you because you know you're one person and you've got to take care of yourself to
Donna Jochimsen: You know,
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, especially I you know i'm i'm a widow, I'm on my own, for the first time and 62 years you know I'm I want to, I want to have a rest of my life here, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Okay, well I'm going to let you go you you're, you know, doing really good. There's no reason, unless there's something that you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Discuss with me this week.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't think so things are going pretty smoothly for me right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think they are too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna let you out so you can get a little bit of rest, before you start your day.
And
Donna Jochimsen: Oh yeah. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you Monday.
Okay.